#summary Various random bits.

= Odds & Ends =

Home to various things that, if I don't write them down, are likely to be forgotten in time. Yet they don't necessarily warrant a full wiki page of their own.


== Site Doc ==
_One of my Subversion clients is corrupting my configuration. So to compensate, I wrote `SVNFixup.java` to manually set all the correct mimetypes. It's in the `examples` project._

Here is how I set up Subversion to serve up my Maven site-docs. I think this is common for _googlecode_ sites, but the explanations I found were lacking some of these details.

First, I set up `~/.subversion/config` like this:

{{{
[miscellany]
enable-auto-props = yes

[auto-props]
*.png = svn:mime-type=image/png
*.jpg = svn:mime-type=image/jpeg
*.gif = svn:mime-type=image/gif
*.htm = svn:mime-type=text/html
*.html = svn:mime-type=text/html
*.css = svn:mime-type=text/css
*.js = svn:mime-type=text/javascript
}}}

I set up the build to deploy site documentation to `~/jsaf-site/`, and then attached that directory to my subversion repository at [http://java-simple-application-framework.googlecode.com/svn/site/trunk/ http://java-simple-application-framework.googlecode.com/svn/site/trunk/]. If you click the link, you
can then select `index.html` to open the site-docs.

After the build, I had to `~/jsaf/site:$ svn add *` before I could commit.

== Maven Repository ==
Continuing from the previous section, I also set up a Maven snapshots repository at [http://java-simple-application-framework.googlecode.com/svn/repo/snapshots/ http://java-simple-application-framework.googlecode.com/svn/repos/snapshots/]. This makes it relatively easy for people to try out the software without having to build it manually.

I added these lines to `~/.subversion/config`:
{{{
*.xml = svn:mime-type=text/xml
*.md5 = svn:mime-type=text/plain
*.sha1 = svn:mime-type=text/plain
*.pom = svn:mime-type=text/xml
*.jar = svn:mime-type=application/java-archive
}}}
Since I can create artifact types other than JARs, this list will likely expand in the future.

== Command-Line Help for the `jsaf-maven-plugin` ==
Help for the plugin from the command-line:
{{{
$ mvn help:describe -Dplugin=com.googlecode.jsaf:jsaf-maven-plugin -Ddetail
}}}